Campaign add split context (#13846)
demisto/content: Packs/Campaign/ReleaseNotes/2_0_9.md

#### Scripts
##### GetCampaignIncidentsIdsAsOptions
- Added support for actions on LowSimilarityIncidents.

##### PerformActionOnCampaignIncidents
- Added the **Add to campaign** action support.

##### New: SplitIncidentBySimilarity

> - Splits the incidents in the campaign by the similarity (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0). 
>     Requires DBotRole Permissions.
> ##### New: GetCampaignLowSimilarityIncidentsInfo
> - Gets the campaign incidents with low similarity information as a table. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
>     Requires DBotRole Permissions.

Reviewer: why not all new. content from 5.5.0?
```suggestion
- Splits the incidents in the campaign by the similarity (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0). 
    Requires DBotRole Permissions.
##### New: GetCampaignLowSimilarityIncidentsInfo
- Gets the campaign incidents with low similarity information as a table. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
- Updated the permissions to *DBotRole*.
```

#### Scripts
##### New: SplitIncidentBySimilarity

> - Split the incidents in the campaign by the similarity (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
> ##### New: GetCampaignLowSimilarityIncidentsInfo
> - Get the campaign incidents with low similarity information as a MD table. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Splits the incidents in the campaign by the similarity (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.5.0).
##### New: GetCampaignLowSimilarityIncidentsInfo
- Gets the campaign incidents with low similarity information as a table. (Available from Cortex XSOAR 5.0.0).
```
